The **GBO** (Ghost Body Object) technology introduces a new cache friendly C# data structure and an accompanying repository system designed to fundamentally change how applications manage data and concurrency. This data structure is complementary to the existing `class`, `struct`, and `record` type declarations. By rethinking the memory layout of objects, it eliminates garbage collector overhead for long-lived data and removes the need for serialization. This enables the creation of ultra-high-performance, latency-free, persistent, transactional, and distributed object repositories that reside in virtual memory. It allows .Net applications to manage hundreds of gigabytes of data as native C# objects collections in a protected, optionally persistent memory space governed by the strongest ACID transactional standards. These objects are not transient representations of data pulled from and pushed to a storage system - they are the data itself. While optimal performance is reached when «hot» data remains in physical memory, objects are transparently streamed from disk by the operating system, when needed. The data set can be several times larger than the available physical memory.

The **GBO** technology bridges the gap between application logic and data storage, removing the complexities and performance bottlenecks of traditional Database Management Systems (DBMS). This Big Memory approach avoids the major pitfalls of Scale-Up In-Memory data-processing systems. The data model - defined in pure C# - is a mix of Object Oriented and Edge-based Graph. An application become a powerful dedicated business domain database engine entirely written in C#. The result is simpler code, dramatically improved performance, and the ability to create a new class of distributed systems that were previously complex, if not impossible, to implement. It permit a modular, matrix based, distributed architecture that makes AI based software development more scalable and reliable.

The **GBO** technology preserves the benefits of the .NET managed runtime while expanding it with a data management feature set adapted for software projects of all sizes - from the simplest to the most ambitious. This feature set includes built-in, low-level, master-slave, real-time transaction replication to enable scale-out strategies. Additionally, it supports incremental, transparent schema evolution for persisted entities and provides the tooling necessary for real-world production contexts.

Ultimately, after decades of effort to abstract and push to the edge the persistent layer, GBO is designed to become a default choice for data management in new software applications, serving as either a powerful alternative or a seamless complement to traditional DBMSs. It serves as the foundation for an ecosystem of aspect-oriented libraries - written in pure, readable C# - that expand its core built-in features. In the future, it could allow processes written in diverse languages like Java, C, C#, C++, Rust, and Python, to share In-Memory object stores, as easily and securely as an SQL server can share stored row oriented database. 
This paradigm shift can contribute to sustaining the spirit of Moore’s law through software efficiency. In an era of expensive energy, this follows the proven philosophy of hyper-efficient sites like Stack Overflow, offering a path to radically lower infrastructure costs and a truly sustainable IT footprint.